readme.md, before:

# Practice Projects
This is a folder of practice projects that I have made from videos, tutorials, or just on my own. They are ones that show different techniques and knowledge involved but that I feel aren't large enough projects for their own repository.

## Passwordgenerator.py
```python
#inputs
how many letters in password
how many numbers in password
how many symbols in password
#outputs
a randomized order of random letters, numbers, and symbols of the amount the user inputted

```
## hangman.py & hangman_words.py
```python
hangman.py is main, other file is list of words to be used in game.
# user will input letters trying to guess what random word is
user has six lives. Each time incorrect guess, displays ascii art of hangman game.
```
## probstatement.py
```python
This program emulates a vending machine.
#prints
items in vending machine
their name, cost, id, and quantity
#input
item selection
money you have
#return
if have enough money:
    vend item
    give change
if not enough money
or if not correct item:
    error
```
## fizzbuzz.py
```python
This is a common problem. You must iterate through numbers 1-10.
#If number is divisible by 3
    print fizz.
#If divisible by 5
    print buzz.
#If divisible by both 
    print fizzbuzz.
#else 
    print number
 ```
## silentauction.py
```python
This emulates a silent auction. A random item from a list will be up for auction.

First user: inputs name and bid
program asks if more users. Clears screen and users input.

When no more users, program says who was the highest bidder and what there bid was
```
## caesarcipher.py
```python
This program is the caesar cipher.
#inputs
    encode or decode
    message
    shift number
#according to inputs, program will shift message and encode or decode

#outputs
    shifted message
```
##calculator.py
```python
This is a simple calculator doing basic operations, addition subtraction multiplication and division
inputs:
    user inputs first number
    user chooses operation
    user inputs next number
outputs:
    prints formula and answer
    asks if continue or restart
```

Commit message:

make higher or lower game, update readme

readme.md, after:

# Practice Projects
This is a folder of practice projects that I have made from videos, tutorials, or just on my own. They are ones that show different techniques and knowledge involved but that I feel aren't large enough projects for their own repository.

## Passwordgenerator.py
```python
#inputs
how many letters in password
how many numbers in password
how many symbols in password
#outputs
a randomized order of random letters, numbers, and symbols of the amount the user inputted

```
## hangman.py & hangman_words.py
```python
hangman.py is main, other file is list of words to be used in game.
# user will input letters trying to guess what random word is
user has six lives. Each time incorrect guess, displays ascii art of hangman game.
```
## probstatement.py
```python
This program emulates a vending machine.
#prints
items in vending machine
their name, cost, id, and quantity
#input
item selection
money you have
#return
if have enough money:
    vend item
    give change
if not enough money
or if not correct item:
    error
```
## fizzbuzz.py
```python
This is a common problem. You must iterate through numbers 1-10.
#If number is divisible by 3
    print fizz.
#If divisible by 5
    print buzz.
#If divisible by both 
    print fizzbuzz.
#else 
    print number
 ```
## silentauction.py
```python
This emulates a silent auction. A random item from a list will be up for auction.

First user: inputs name and bid
program asks if more users. Clears screen and users input.

When no more users, program says who was the highest bidder and what there bid was
```
## caesarcipher.py
```python
This program is the caesar cipher.
#inputs
    encode or decode
    message
    shift number
#according to inputs, program will shift message and encode or decode

#outputs
    shifted message
```
## calculator.py
```python
This is a simple calculator doing basic operations, addition subtraction multiplication and division
inputs:
    user inputs first number
    user chooses operation
    user inputs next number
outputs:
    prints formula and answer
    asks if continue or restart
```
## higherorlower.py
```python
In Higher or Lower, using a data set, two random celebrities will be chosen. The user will be displayed info about the
celebrities, then they must guess who has a higher instagram follower count.
if correct:
    get a point
    continue. now whichever celebrity was person B will be compared to someone new
if wrong:
    total score displayed
    game over
```
## guessingame.py
```python
In guessing game, a random number between 1 and 100 will be chosen.
user will input:
    a guess between 1 and 100
comp will return:
    is the chosen number higher or lower than guess
User will have a few turns to continue guessing.
```
